# UFA 🇲🇻 6v6 Disc Wars 2025

<aside>
📢

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT

UFA ExCo is looking for volunteers on the day of the tournament. If you are available, please send a message to any of the Exco. 

</aside>

---

# Overview of the Tournament

The 6v6 tournament is an official event of the Ultimate Frisbee Association - Maldives. It will be held on the 17th and 18th of October 2025, at Vilimale Football Grounds, from 1900hrs to 2300hrs.

Teams compete for the ultimate bragging rights, champion medals, and cash prize. 

This is the official site where you can get the latest updates on the tournament. 

# Schedule

## Day schedule

[Untitled](UFA%20%F0%9F%87%B2%F0%9F%87%BB%206v6%20Disc%20Wars%202025/Untitled%2025edfc5cc334810d84acf75eaf2b249e.csv)

## Match Schedule

[Untitled](UFA%20%F0%9F%87%B2%F0%9F%87%BB%206v6%20Disc%20Wars%202025/Untitled%20282dfc5cc33480b8ae3ee57f3936503f.csv)

# Teams

[Untitled](UFA%20%F0%9F%87%B2%F0%9F%87%BB%206v6%20Disc%20Wars%202025/Untitled%20282dfc5cc334804b9e40f7578f246eaa.csv)

# Team formation

- This is a “make your own team” event.
- Teams must consist of a **minimum of 6 players** and **maximum of** **8 players.**
- The 7th and 8th players are substitutes.
- There must be a minimum of **1 female player** in the team. This is a fundamental rule of the tournament and must be adhered to during play.
- There must be a minimum of **1 new/ returning player** in the team. New/ returning players are defined as players who have joined less than 8 practices over the past 6 months, counted backwards from 31st August 2025.
- There can only be players adding up to **8 points** from the **restricted players** list in the team. The players and the assigned points are as below.

| Points Assigned | Players |
| --- | --- |
| 5 | Phillip, Azim, Rizam, Faruzu |
| 4 | Shamin, Zayyan, Mode, Andrew |
| 3 | Matt, Miju, Ben, Fauz |
| 2 | Miflal, Shaafin, Afrah, Tiana, Piko |
| 1 | Ruzam, Maahy, Uraiba |

# Registration & Fees

- You can register your team via the link below:

[https://forms.gle/dC44A2qnYsLdv24b9](https://forms.gle/dC44A2qnYsLdv24b9)

- The **deadline** for team submission is 20 September 2025, 11:59pm.
- All players must be **16 years or older.**
- A participation fee of MVR 35 per player (UFA member), and MVR 45 per player (non-member) will be taken from all teams. No further fees will be incurred for play on the day of the tournament.

# Rules and Tournament Structure

- The tournament is structured as a dual-group round-robin format in the preliminary stage, with all teams competing head-to-head within their respective groups to determine seeding. The fixtures will be determined by a draw.  The top two seeds from each group will advance to the knockout stage, where they'll contest the cross-pool semifinals (Group A #1 vs Group B #2, Group B #1 vs Group A #2). The victors of these fixtures will proceed to the championship match to determine the ultimate tournament champion.
- *This is subject to change based on the number of teams that sign up.*
- The scoring for group stages is as follows:
    - Win - 3 points
    - Draw - 1 point
    - Lose - 0 points
- All group matches and semifinal matches will be played to a 7-point cap with a 20-minute hard cap, whichever comes first. The semifinals and the final match will have a Universe point in effect if time expires with the score tied. The finals will be played with a 30-minute hard cap and with a points cap of 11 and a Universe point.
- All group stage matches and semifinal matches will be self-officiated in accordance with Spirit of the Game (SOTG) principles. Line observers will be present at all matches to make active line calls and resolve contested goals. Team captains and players are expected to resolve disputes through respectful discussion and maintain high standards of fair play and sportsmanship. The finals will feature observers who are limited to the following roles:
    - Only make rulings when explicitly requested by players or when a discussion ends in stalemate. No active calls made during the play.
    - Make active calls on scoring, time-limits, line-calls.
    - Rule clarifications.
- The tournament will follow the UFA rules, and can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EsSTKXbppYK7YDCsEbS1pLhugen23yzb/view):

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EsSTKXbppYK7YDCsEbS1pLhugen23yzb/view

- At least one Female Matching Player should be on the pitch at the start of the game and does not need to be on the pitch at all times after the first substitution, and their involvement is left to the discretion of the team.
- Substitutions can only be made after a score, before a pull.
- Foul play, and other grievances related to conduct can be lodged at the ethics committee through a written submission via this form, or in-person to any of the committee members listed below:
    - Afrah
    - Sola
    - Ma’an

# Player responsibilities

- Each team should have a designated **team captain** for communication and team management.
- All teams are encouraged to coordinate attire for clarity on field. However, it is not compulsory, and bibs will be provided.
- We emphasize fairness, respect, and integrity both on and off the field. Please ensure you adhere to the Spirit of the Game rules at all times.

# Contact

Event focal point: Uraiba

Tournament day focal point: Amsal

Teams, and players helpline: Amsal

First-aid and emergency: Uraiba

Phone numbers are not revealed here for privacy reasons. If you are a member, please feel free to reach out to them on whatsapp. If you are not a member, but would like to get in touch, leave a message on our [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/frisbee.mv/).

# Event Photos